feat(driver-adapters): DX & naming (#4174)
prisma/prisma-engines: query-engine/driver-adapters/js/README.md

# Prisma Driver Adapters

This TypeScript monorepo contains the following packages:
- `@jkomyno/prisma-adapter-utils` (later: `@prisma/adapter-utils`)

>   - Internal set of utilities and types for Prisma's JS Connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Internal set of utilities and types for Prisma's driver adapters.
```

# Prisma Driver Adapters

This TypeScript monorepo contains the following packages:

> - `@jkomyno/prisma-js-connector-utils` (later: `@prisma/js-connector-utils`)

Author: TODO: I should update this README as well.
